---
title: Horacio Lampe
tags: [person, blockchain, fintech, Argentina]
description: Horacio Lampe is the Founder and CEO of DApps Factory, involved in providing comprehensive blockchain solutions and training services in Argentina.

---

## Horacio Lampe

**Occupation**: Founder and CEO of [[DAppsFactory]]

### Roles and Involvement:
- **Founder and CEO of DAppsFactory**: Leading the development and implementation of blockchain-based solutions.
- **Involvement**: Engaged in the Fintech Chamber in Argentina, providing training and regulatory guidance within the fintech sector.

### Interests:
- **Blockchain Solutions**: Focused on developing innovative blockchain solutions and ensuring their practical application.
- **Fintech Development**: Active in the fintech community, promoting the integration of blockchain technologies.
- **Tokenization Regulation**: Advocating for the growth and regulation of tokenized assets in Argentina.

### Locations:
- **Primary Location**: Argentina

### Related Entities:
- **[[DAppsFactory]]**: Horacio's primary business endeavor offering blockchain solutions and training.
- **[[Fintech Chamber in Argentina]]**: An organization where Horacio is involved, focusing on fintech regulations and education.

---

Horacio Lampe contributes significantly to the blockchain and fintech landscape in Argentina, helping drive innovation and providing essential training and regulatory guidance.
---
This content was generated by AutoGraph, a [TinyCloud](https://tinycloud.xyz/) product.
Generated at  Thu, 08 Aug 2024 21:06:16 GMT