---
title: DAppsFactory
tags: [organization, blockchain, decentralized, applications, Argentina]
description: Specializing in developing decentralized applications and blockchain technologies, with involvement in the Argentine Fintech Chamber.
---

## Overview

**DAppsFactory** is an organization focused on developing decentralized applications and blockchain technology solutions. The company has an active presence in the Argentine Fintech Chamber, indicating its significant role and commitment to the local fintech ecosystem.

## Key Personnel

- **[[Horacio Lampe]]**: Founder and driving force behind DAppsFactory. He is involved in various capacities within the organization, leveraging his expertise to push the boundaries of decentralized technology in Argentina.

## Activities and Specializations

- **Development of Decentralized Applications**: DAppsFactory specializes in creating decentralized applications, ensuring secure and transparent solutions for various industries.
- **Blockchain Technology**: The organization is dedicated to advancing blockchain technology, continuously exploring new methods and applications.
- **Argentine Fintech Chamber**: Active participation in the Argentine Fintech Chamber, fostering innovation and collaboration within the fintech community.

## Interests and Focus Areas

- **Decentralized Technology**: Emphasis on the development and implementation of decentralized solutions.
- **Local Ecosystem Engagement**: Actively contributes to the fintech landscape in Argentina, collaborating with local stakeholders to promote technological advancements.

---

Links to other related entities:
- [[Horacio Lampe]]
- [[organization/Ensuro]]
- [[organization/QuarkID protocol]]
- [[organization/Ultra Deep Tech]]
- [[organization/Crecimiento]]
---
This content was generated by AutoGraph, a [TinyCloud](https://tinycloud.xyz/) product.
Generated at  Thu, 08 Aug 2024 21:06:16 GMT